document serving's revision garbage collection (#4266)
knative/docs: docs/serving/revision-gc.md

# Revision garbage collection

Knative automatically cleans up inactive revisions as configured by the Operator. For more information, see the [Operator settings](../admin/serving/revision-gc.md).

> You can always retain a revision by adding the `serving.knative.dev/no-gc: "true"` annotation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure a revision so that it is never garbage collected by adding the `serving.knative.dev/no-gc: "true"` annotation:
```
I'd reword this to make it clearer - the always retain bit just reads weird to me. Might be just me though.

> # Revision Garbage Collection

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Revision garbage collection
```

Reviewer: I'm not sure there's a need to duplicate this information here - IMO it would be enough to have the admin guide configmap based docs, and then have a section in the developer guide with the per-revision docs, rather than just duplicating info in the Knative Serving section that we've been trying to move into dev vs admin docs.

I won't block the PR on this though since the structure is already a mess, just something to think about.

Author: Yeah - I'm mixed on it - but made the separate section since the per-revision option may be available to end-users

> Knative will automatically clean up inactive revisions as configured by the operator. For more information, see the [operator settings](../admin/serving/revision-gc.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Knative automatically cleans up inactive revisions as configured by the Operator. For more information, see the [Operator settings](../admin/serving/revision-gc.md).
```

> To always retain a revision add the annotation `serving.knative.dev/no-gc: "true"`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure a Service so that at least one revision is always retained, by adding the `serving.knative.dev/no-gc: "true"` annotation:
```

Author: Updated the example to be more clear where the annotation is supposed to end up
